example/README.md, before:

## Examples of using the OpenFGA Go SDK

A set of examples on how to call the OpenFGA Go SDK

### Examples
Example 1:
A bare bones example. It creates a store, and runs a set of calls against it including creating a model, writing tuples and checking for access.


### Running the Examples

Prerequisites:
- `docker`
- `make`
- `go` 1.21+

#### Run using a published SDK

Steps
1. Clone/Copy the example folder
2. If you have an OpenFGA server running, you can use it, otherwise run `make run-openfga` to spin up an instance (you'll need to switch to a different terminal after - don't forget to close it when done)
3. Run `make run` to run the example

#### Run using a local unpublished SDK build

Steps
1. Build the SDK
2. In the Example `go.mod`, uncomment out the part that replaces the remote SDK with the local one, e.g.
```
// To refrence local build, uncomment below and run `go mod tidy`
replace github.com/openfga/go-sdk v0.3.2 => ../../
```
3. If you have an OpenFGA server running, you can use it, otherwise run `make run-openfga` to spin up an instance (you'll need to switch to a different terminal after - don't forget to close it when done)
4. Run `make run` to run the example

Commit message:

feat: streamed list objects endpoint  (#252)
* feat: generate API layer for streaming endpoints

feat: streaming list objects support

* feat: apply coderabbit suggestion for buffer size

* feat: gofmt

* feat: avoid using panic

* fix: gofmt

* feat: don't dump body for streaming resp

* feat: update example for consistency

* Feat: added readme example too

* feat: address comments, rem changelog extra line

example/README.md, after:

## Examples of using the OpenFGA Go SDK

A set of examples on how to call the OpenFGA Go SDK

### Examples
Example 1:
A bare bones example. It creates a store, and runs a set of calls against it including creating a model, writing tuples and checking for access.

**StreamedListObjects Example:**
Demonstrates how to use the `StreamedListObjects` API with both synchronous and asynchronous consumption patterns.
Includes support for configurable buffer sizes to optimize throughput vs memory usage.

### Running the Examples

Prerequisites:
- `docker`
- `make`
- `go` 1.21+

#### Run using a published SDK

Steps
1. Clone/Copy the example folder
2. If you have an OpenFGA server running, you can use it, otherwise run `make run-openfga` to spin up an instance (you'll need to switch to a different terminal after - don't forget to close it when done)
3. Run `make run` to run the example

#### Run using a local unpublished SDK build

Steps
1. Build the SDK
2. In the Example `go.mod`, uncomment out the part that replaces the remote SDK with the local one, e.g.
```
// To refrence local build, uncomment below and run `go mod tidy`
replace github.com/openfga/go-sdk v0.3.2 => ../../
```
3. If you have an OpenFGA server running, you can use it, otherwise run `make run-openfga` to spin up an instance (you'll need to switch to a different terminal after - don't forget to close it when done)
4. Run `make run` to run the example
